why are we seeing more and more kids
with ADHD these days because parents are
so stressed and sensitive kids pick up
on that stress they don't know what to
do with it they do not as they're as
small children when their brains are
developing it's not a genetic disease
it's an Adaptive response the problem
with adaptive responses is they help you
to time but later on they become
problems
in other words adaptive at one point
maladaptive at another point
again the problems that they're not
conscious adaptations these childhood
psychological adaptations they're not
conscious they're not well they're not
deliberate they're automatic
they're under the level of awareness
therefore I can't just drop them in fact
I even associate my survival with them
so I'm very reluctant to give them up
so something has to happen to wake me up